hi and welcome to cooking with karma now
this week I'm sharing with you two
really great bread recipes now started
off the week with that delicious
wholemeal bread of course if you haven't
seen that video you can click right up
here and watch it now today I'm going to
show you how to make some naan bread
this is so delicious and yummy and it is
a lot simpler than you think so let's
get started and I'll show you how to
make it
first up into a glass filled with a
small amount of warm water we're going
to add in the sugar and the yeast while
up to one side into a bowl we're going
to sift in our flour and add in the salt
and the baking powder the natural yogurt
and the milk once our yeast mixture has
become nice and frothy we're going to
add that in as well and then give
everything a good mix now you can start
off with a spoon but eventually you'll
need to get in there with your hands you
want to mix everything together until it
forms a dough then onto a floured
surface we're going to knead that dough
now we're going to knead this for about
5 to 6 minutes until that dough becomes
nice and smooth then within a pop our
dough into a greased Bowl cover it up
with a tea towel and pop it in a warm
dry spot for about an hour now to
prepare the spinach into a pan I'm going
to add a little bit of olive oil and a
teaspoon of garlic cook for a minute or
so and then turn down the heat to low
then I'm going to add in the spinach
drizzle with a small amount of water
give it a quick mix and we're going to
pop the lid on and let that spinach wilt
down then we're going to drain off any
excess liquid and put it to one side to
cool once our dough has risen to about
twice its size we're going to give it
another quick need for a couple of
minutes
and then we're going to chop it up into
three different pieces or two if you
want to make them bigger and then we're
going to roll them out into an oval
shape until they're about half a
centimeter thick then it's just a matter
of assembling everything together add on
the spinach and the cheese then place
the second piece on top and press down
the edges for the garlic naan simply to
spread on a little bit of olive oil and
add on the crushed garlic sprinkle with
some cracked pepper
and then we're ready to cook them into a
pan on medium heat we're going to add in
some butter and then we're going to cook
these on either side for about four to
five minutes until they're nice and
golden brown do the same with the garlic
naan then we're going to pop them into
the oven for about seven minutes to
finish that cooking process and then
they are done
so whether you stop them with your
favorite filling please keep them nice
and simple these really are delicious
hmm YUM now whether you serve that up
with your favorite curry or your
favorite condiment I do hope you give it
a go because it's absolutely delicious
thanks again for joining me and I'll see
you next time I'm cooking with karma